Add sendNotification parameter to createlink api to enable email sending feature for createlink (#20049)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/listitem-createlink.md

|expirationDateTime|DateTimeOffset|A string with format of yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ of DateTime indicates the expiration time of the permission. Optional. |
|password|String|The password of the sharing link that is set by the creator. Optional. |
|recipients|[driveRecipient](../resources/driverecipient.md) collection|A collection of recipients who will receive access to the sharing link. Optional. |

> |sendNotification|Boolean|Optional. If true, a [sharing link](../resources/permission.md#sharing-links) is sent to the recipient. Only works with recipients on OneDrive for Business and SharePoint.|

Reviewer: @yifanwu-microsoft , for this action, please also include the retainInheritancePermissions parameter in the "Request body" section.
Please indicate whether it's  optional.
Please include  the parameters in the example request body.

> |sendNotification|Boolean|Optional. If true, a [sharing link](../resources/permission.md#sharing-links) is sent to the recipient. Only works with recipients on OneDrive for Business and SharePoint for now.|

Reviewer 2: remove "for now"

Author: Done

|expirationDateTime|DateTimeOffset|A string with format of yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ of DateTime indicates the expiration time of the permission. Optional. |
|password|String|The password of the sharing link that is set by the creator. Optional. |
|recipients|[driveRecipient](../resources/driverecipient.md) collection|A collection of recipients who will receive access to the sharing link. Optional. |
|sendNotification|Boolean|If `true`, a [sharing link](../resources/permission.md#sharing-links) is sent to the recipient. Only works with recipients on OneDrive for Business and SharePoint. `false` is by default. Optional.|

> | retainInheritedPermissions |  boolean                       | If `true`, any current existing inherited permissions are retained on the shared item when sharing this item for the first time. If `false`, all existing permissions are removed when sharing for the first time. `true` is by default. Optional. |

Reviewer: Line 62:
@yifanwu-microsoft , please change the sentence "`true` is by default" to "The default is `true`."

> | retainInheritedPermissions |  boolean                       | If `true`, any current existing inherited permissions are retained on the shared item when sharing this item for the first time. If `false`, all existing permissions are removed when sharing for the first time. The default is `true`. Optional. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| retainInheritedPermissions |  boolean                       | If `true`, any current inherited permissions are retained on the shared item when sharing the item for the first time. If `false`, all current permissions are removed when sharing for the first time. The default is `true`. Optional. |
```

### Example 1: Create an anonymous sharing link
The following example requests a sharing link to be created for the listItem specified by {itemId} in the list specified {listId}.
The sharing link is configured to be read-only and usable by anyone with the link.

> For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint user, we can use sendNotification parameter to create a sharing link and send this sharing link to the recipients with your email.

Reviewer 2: Make the same to as driveitem-createLink

Author: Done

### Example 1: Create an anonymous sharing link
The following example requests a sharing link to be created for the listItem specified by {itemId} in the list specified {listId}.
The sharing link is configured to be read-only and usable by anyone with the link.

> For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint user, use sendNotification parameter to create a sharingLink, sharingLink is then sent to recipients via email.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For OneDrive for Business and SharePoint users, use the sendNotification parameter to create a sharingLink, sharingLink is then sent to recipients via email.
```
